=head1 NAME

alarm-clock-applet - Alarm Clock for your notification area

=head1 SYNOPSIS

=over 8

=item B<alarm-clock-applet --help>

=item B<alarm-clock-applet [-h|--hidden]>

=item B<alarm-clock-applet [-s|--stop-all]>

=item B<alarm-clock-applet [-z|--snooze-all]>

=back

=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<Alarm Clock Applet> is an applet providing alarm clock functionality which
lives within the notification area. It is easy to use yet powerful with
support for multiple and repeatable alarms, as well as snoozing, and a
flexible notification system.

Two types of alarms are supported: B<Alarm Clocks> and B<Timers>.

Notification can be done by either playing a sound, launching an application,
showing a notification bubble, or any combination of the aforementioned
options.

Please see https://alarm-clock-applet.github.io/ for more information.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 8

=item B<-s, --stop-all>

Stops all alarms.

=item B<-z, --snooze-all>

Snoozes all alarms.

=item B<-?, --help>

Shows help options.

=item B<-v, --version>

Displays information about the currently installed version and exists.

=back

=head1 BUGS

Please report bugs at https://github.com/alarm-clock-applet/alarm-clock/issues/

=head1 AUTHORS

B<Alarm Clock Applet> was written by Tasos Sahanidis <tasos@tasossah.com> and
Johannes H. Jensen <joh@pseudoberries.com>.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the
Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option) any
later version.

On Debian GNU/Linux systems, the complete text of the GNU General
Public License can be found in `/usr/share/common-licenses/GPL'.

=cut
